Ingredients
2 pounds of chicken wings (or chunks of chicken)
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
2 eggs
¼ cup potato starch
¼ cup all purpose flour
½ teaspoon baking powder
¼ cup pumpkin seeds (optional)
4 cups cooking oil (corn or vegetable oil)
For honey butter sauce:

4 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 garlic cloves, minced
¼ cup white or brown sugar
2 teaspoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons honey
Directions
Prepare the chicken

Put the chicken in a bowl and mix with salt and ground black pepper.
Crack the eggs into the bowl and add starch, flour, and baking powder.
Mix well by hand.Korean honey butter fried chicken
Double fry!

Heat up a 12 inch skillet with the cooking oil over high heat for 5- to 7 minutes until it reaches 350° F. You can dip a tip of chicken into the hot oil to see if it is right temperature or not. If several bubbles come up, it’s time to fry.
Put all the chicken pieces into the hot oil one by one. Let cook for about 5 minutes until the bottoms of the chicken turn a little crunchy. Then flip them over with tongs, splitting up any pieces that have fused together.
Let cook another 5 minutes and then turn them all over.
Keep frying and occasionally turning over for another 10 minutes until all sides are nice and crunchy.
Transfer the crunchy chicken one by one into a strainer over a stainless steel bowl.Korean honey butter fried chicken
Let the oil heat up for 1 minute and then put all the chicken back in. Cook for 7 to 8 minutes until all sides are crunchy and look golden brown.
Strain the chicken and turn off the heat.
Korean honey butter fried chicken
Make honey butter fried chicken

Heat up a large skillet for a couple of minutes. Add butter and garlic and stir it up until the garlic turns fragrant and a little crispy. Add soy sauce, sugar and stir until well melted. Add honey and stir.
Keep stirring until it bubbles vigorously.Korean honey butter fried chicken
Add the chicken and the pumpkin seeds (if used).  Mix and stir well to coat evenly.
Serve right away or let cool to serve later.